Welcome to another architectural patterns in this time on auto scaling and elastic load balancing.
The first requirement we have to solve is high availability and elastic scalability is needed for web
service as well.
Hopefully, that straightforward to answer.
You can use Amazon easy to auto scaling and application load balances across multiple places.
Low latency connections are needed over UDP to a poll of EC2 instances running a gaming application.
So in this case, you'd want to use a network load balancer with a UDP lesson.
I remember you can't do UDP listeners with a Albi, so UDP would be the right type of load balancer
here.
It also provides very low latency, so it's ideal for this job.
Clients needs a white list, static IP addresses for a highly available load balancing application and
an IWC region.
That means the clients are connecting to this application in your IWC accounts, and they need to specify
specific IP addresses to connect to on the internet.
And that means they're going to allow those through the firewall they're going to whitelist, and that
means that they'll allow traffic to those addresses, but those addresses need to be statically defined.
So how can we do that?
Well, if you use a network load balancer, you can create static IP addresses in each A-Z.
Remember, with an album, you don't get static IP addresses, so you wouldn't be able to do that.
You would know the DNS name, but the IP addresses might change over time.
An application on EC2 in an auto scanning group requires disaster recovery across regions.
How can you do that?
Well, remember you can't do auto scaling groups across regions, but what you can do is create a nice
g in a second region with a capacity set to zero.
That means there's not going to be any instances running so you're not wasting money.
You can take snapshots and copy them across regions.
You might use Lambda to automate that process or data lifecycle manager DLP.
That means you now have snapshots of your instances from which you can create allies and launch them
in that second region when you need to.
An application on two must scale in larger increments if a big increase in traffic occurs compared to
small increases in traffic.
Well, in that case, you'd use auto scaling and a step scaling policy and you can figure a larger capacity
increase.
If the increase in traffic has jumped up considerably, you need to scale EC2 instances behind an Albi
based on the number of requests completed by each instance.
In this case, you can use an auto scaling group and a target tracking policy.
Now, the target tracking policy can be looking at the Albi request count per target metric, and that's
the number of requests that are outstanding for an individual target.
So that gives you an idea of how many connections are happening on each instance, and it helps you
to spread the load that way.
An application runs on EC2 instances behind an Albi.
Once authenticated, users should not needs a real fence if an instance fails.
In this case, you could use a session state store such as Dynamo DB or Elastic Cache.
They're very low latency, and they're good ways of storing this information so that if an instance
fails and a user is directed to another EC2 instance, it can then go and retrieve the credentials the
offensive location information from the database, and it doesn't ask the user to real forensic.
A company is deploying an IDs IPS.
That's an intrusion detection system and intrusion prevention system, and it's using virtual appliances
and needs to scale those horizontally.
For this scenario, you could use a gateway load balancer in front of the virtual appliances, and that's
it for this architecture patterns.